[Logs] Update field descriptions for Logs (#8138)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/logs/reference/log-fields/account/gateway_http.md

| FileInfo | Information about files detected within the HTTP request. | object |
| HTTPHost | Content of the host header in the HTTP request. | string |
| HTTPMethod | HTTP request method. | string |

> | HTTPStatusCode | HTTP status code gateway returned to the user. 0 if nothing was returned(e.g client disconnected) | int |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| HTTPStatusCode | HTTP status code gateway returned to the user. Zero if nothing was returned (for example, client disconnected). | int |
```

| SourceIP | Source ip of the request. | string |
| SourcePort | Source port of the request. | string |
| URL | HTTP request URL. | string |

> | UntrustedCertificateAction | Action taken when an untrusted origin certificate error occurs (e.g. expired certificate, mismatched common name, invalid certificate chain, signed by non-public CA). One of <em>none</em> \| <em>block</em> \| <em>error</em> \| <em>passThrough</em>. | string |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| UntrustedCertificateAction | Action taken when an untrusted origin certificate error occurs (for example, expired certificate, mismatched common name, invalid certificate chain, signed by non-public CA). One of <em>none</em> \| <em>block</em> \| <em>error</em> \| <em>passThrough</em>. | string |
```
